Kitra Massey
Ap #662-5005 Tempus Rd., Linton, Cambridgeshire, FU79 6VL
Tel: – 01513 904577

Date of Birth: – 31/03/91
	[email]

Nationality: – British
PERSONAL OBJECTIVE:
My primary goal is to constantly improve my productivity by acquiring and processing as much information accurately in as little time as possible which will contribute to the overall company growth. I have proven my efficiency for the job and have developed skills and the necessary ethics required for my duties during my experience in two different companies. One of my objectives is to be part of a dynamic and output-driven environment. I also aim to enrich and expand my abilities as a data entry operator. This being said, I am confident that I will be an asset to the company.
SKILLS:

    Good Experience in maintaining confidenatlity of all data and operating various data entry equipments efficiently
    Immense knowledge of maintaining data and modern office practices
    Exceptional knowledge of performing complex data entry functions
    Sound ability to analyze all information and prepare reports accordingly
    Excellent ability to multitask and prioritize work as per requirement
    Familiarity of working on Oracle and ERP systems

WORK HISTORY:
Data Entry Operator	Healthy Pets Insurance – Petersfield	May 2013 to Current

    Administered all data and evaluated information prior to entering it in the system.
    Monitored all steps of data entry process such as coding the given information and assisted to resolve all issues.
    Collected information from various agencies and retrieved information as per requirement.
    Prepared and evaluated all data entry formats and ensured compliance to all customer information.
    Coordinated with supervisor and prepared and submitted all new job information.
    Developed source data for all data entry processes and evaluated data to identify any missing information.

Data Entry Operator	ESP Systex Limited – Kingston upon Hull	November 2012 to May 2013

    Sorted all information efficiently and sorted it to appropriate location on the database.
    Performed regular troubleshooting on data entry equipment and maintained back ups for all file.
    Entered data on the computer system and ensured accuracy of all information.
    Administered all requests for data retrieval and provided required files.
    Maintained confidentiality of all data entered into the system.
    Ensured integrity of data at all times and reviewed all information.